----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the First Referee -- BG13275/Alba
----------------------------------------------------------------------

This paper deals with the study of entropies in classical spin models.
The focus is on the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model, a simple model that
exhibits spin glass physics. Both analytical and numerical results are
presented, and compared.

Overall I found the paper interesting, and clearly written. Such
classical entropies had only been studied in nearest neighbor spin
models, so this is a useful addition to the existing literature.

There is one issue that needs to be addressed I think. In part II the
classical Renyi entropy is defined by Eq. (5), and this is what is
studied in the rest of the paper. It is not clear to me which is the
underlying probability distribution, i.e it is not clear to me that
this equals Eq. (2), because of the long-range interactions. This
point needs to be clarified, as using the term Renyi entropy would be
a slight abuse of terminology, and the reader should be made aware of
that.

Provided this point is clarified, the paper should be publishable in
Physical Review B.

I also have a couple of minor remarks and suggestions, which I list
below:

1) In the long introduction, several values of \beta are mentioned. It
might be helpful to recall the values of $\beta_c(w)$.

2) Maybe at the $\forall i \in A$ also in equation (8) ?

3) Before (40), the sentence "..., one obtains a standard Landau
theory" reads awkwardly.

4) Could the authors comment somewhere on the Monte Carlo statistical
errors when they are not shown?

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Second Referee -- BG13275/Alba
----------------------------------------------------------------------

In the manuscript BG13275, the authors study the Reny entropy and
mutual information in the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model. Using the
replica method, the authors constructed the replica-symmetric solution
and 1-step replica-symmetry-breaking solutions. They are solved
numerically and are compared with the results of the Monte Carlo
simulations. It was shown that the one-step RSB solution is enough to
find a good agreement with the Monte Carlo result. The aspect-ratio
and temperature dependences of the entropy and mutual information are
analyzed in detail to see the scaling in terms of the system size and
the critical properties.

The manuscript is written very clearly and the analytical calculations
as well as numerical ones look reliable. The authors followed the
standard procedure of the replica analysis and several ansatz such as
(28) look reasonable.

Although the analysis looks quite reasonable, the authors do not
discuss the results thoroughly nor their physical meaning. Therefore,
I can recommend the publication if the authors clarify following
several questions.

(1). What is the significance to treat infinite-range models in the
problem of mutual information? As the authors mentioned in the
manuscript, there is no notion of space and locality in infinite-range
models. It is not clear for me to consider the booklet geometry in
such systems. It would be helpful if the authors answer this simple
question in the manuscript. Is there any other work treating the
booklet geometry in mean field systems? For example, what is obtained
for the simple, pure Ising model with infinite-range interaction?

(2). The definition of the mutual information in the present case is
not clear for me. Please describe how to define and calculate S(B) and
S(A or B) in the SK model.

(3). The authors summarized that the entropy is proportional to the
system size by using the numerical analysis. Since the entropy is
calculated from the logarithm of the partition function, the result
looks trivial for me. As far as I understand, the subleading term is
important to find the boundary law behavior in the local (non
mean-field) models. (The leading term is canceled out by the
definition of the mutual information). Do the authors consider that
the subleading term is not important in the present system? I expect
that some universal properties exist in the subleading terms.

(4). The authors study the aspect-ratio dependence of the result
closely. It is clearly understood that the limits omega=0 and 1
reduces to the standard results. This means that we can find a result
interpolating their limits in the present problem. I do not expect any
interesting behavior between the limits. What did the authors expect
as the result and what do the authors consider the obtained results
interesting, other than the crossing behavior?

(5). This comment is related to the previous one (4). Strictly
speaking, I do not see any surprising behavior in the result. What is
the significance of the present study? Did the authors find anything
on the information properties of the SK model?

(6). The authors only focused on the result at n=2. It would be
interesting if the authors mention the n-dependence of the result.
Especially, the limit n=1 would give a nontrivial result and is
interesting. I expect that it wouldn't be difficult to analyze the
replica symmetric solution.

(7). Although the manuscript is written very clearly, it is somewhat
too long. For example, the authors summarized the results in the
introduction, and they are described again in the final section. It is
not necessary to summarize the results in the introduction.

(8). J_{ij} should be inserted in Eq.(10).

(9). I am not sure whether this manuscript is suitable to PRB. I would
think that PRE is more appropriate.

In conclusion, the manuscript will be taken into consideration for
publication if the authors clarify the physical significance of the
analysis. And, I recommend the authors to reconsider the journals to
submit the manuscript.
